* BayesDB demo

This directory implements the bayesdb-demo program to download the most
up-to-date ipython notebooks demonstrating BayesDB and launch ipython
with them.

* For developers

To create a demo pack file at /tmp/demo.pack, you must have a secret
signing key, say /path/to/seckey.  Enter a directory containing all the
files you want to distribute in the demo, and run

    python /path/to/bdbcontrib/src/demo/pack.py \
        'I am a human on a single-user machine' \
        /path/to/seckey \
        > /tmp/demo.pack

You must type this in as a human, on a single-user machine.  If you're
not sure what that means, ask.  If pack.py fails, it will try to print
an error message to stderr and return nonzero.  If pack.py succeeds, it
will print nothing and return zero.

* For wizards

To create your own distributable auto-downloading demo program that
will reject any demos you did not sign, you must generate a key pair.
Run

    python keygen.py seckey pubkey

Then the file `seckey' will hold a secret signing key: put it somewhere
nobody else can get at it.  The file `pubkey' will hold a Python
expression that evaluates to a public verification key: put it in the
source code for your application (e.g., main.py) to verify packs signed
by the secret key.  Do not use the secret key or the public key for any
other purpose.

Please do not automate this process.  If you want to scale this up in
any way, please talk to me (riastradh+probcomp@csail.mit.edu) first.
This demo gizmo enables automatic arbitrary code execution for
unsuspecting users.  We have a responsibility not to expose users to
malware via that vector.  We can make changes and scale it up -- we
just need to consciously consider the consequences of changes and make
them carefully.  Or we can discard the functionality altogether and not
attempt any automatic arbitrary code execution for users.
